Use local issuer for verifier tests (#44)
w3c/vc-di-ecdsa-test-suite: testVectorGuide.md

- The property `selectivePointers` is an array containing all pointers for a credential.
  - Pointers used in the tests are deduced from the full set of pointers.
  - `selectivePointers` are required only for selective disclosure tests.

> Some credentials sections (such as the sd verify test)s might require multiple test vectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some credentials sections (such as the sd verify test) might require multiple test vectors.
```

> If multiple vectors are required multiple named properties must be filled 
> in that section in order for the tests to run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If multiple vectors are required, multiple named properties must be filled in 
in that section, in order for the tests to run.
```

Each vectors suite has an associated `keyTypes` property.
That property contains an array of `keyTypes` used to create verification test data.

> Your implementation will only be tested against your `supportedEcdsaKeyTypes` specified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your implementation will only be tested against the `supportedEcdsaKeyTypes` specified
```

```

### Configuring Test Data Generation
To generate interop test data used in the test suite, testers may specify
the holder name using an the environment variable `SD_HOLDER_NAME` or the setting 

> `holderName` in the `ecdsa-sd-2023` section of ./config/runner.json`  can be used

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`holderName` in the `ecdsa-sd-2023` section of `./config/runner.json`  can be used
```

> To generate interop test data used in the test suite, testers may specify
> the holder name using an the environment variable `SD_HOLDER_NAME` or the setting 
> `holderName` in the `ecdsa-sd-2023` section of `./config/runner.json`  can be used
> to specify the VC holder name for generating disclosed test credentials for ECDSA-SD tests.

Reviewer 2: The sentence above does not read clearly. I *think* I've improved it, but I may not have understood what was intended. Further changes are VERY likely needed.
```suggestion
To generate interop test data used in the test suite, testers may specify
the holder name using either the environment variable `SD_HOLDER_NAME` or the setting 
`holderName` in the `ecdsa-sd-2023` section of `./config/runner.json`. This holder
name will be used as the VC holder name when generating disclosed test credentials
for ECDSA-SD tests.
```
